Release 8.1.0 (#3086)
microsoft/onefuzz: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 8.1.0

### Added

* Agent: Added coverage percentage in Cobertura reports [#3034](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/3034)
* Agent: Added `maxPerPage` to ORM [#3016](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/3016)
* CLI: Added `onefuzz containers files download` command to download the blob content to a file [#3060](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/3060)

### Changed

* Agent: Reconfigured OneFuzz agent to not consume `S_LABEL` symbols from PDBs [#3046](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/3046)
* Agent: Update `elsa::sync::FrozenMap` now implements Default [#3044](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/3044)
* Agent: Updated agent to use insta Rust crate for snapshot tests of stacktrace parsing [#3027](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/3027)

> * Agent/CLI/Deployment: Rework events to limit how much data we're attempting to send to Azure queues [#3069](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/3069)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Agent/CLI/Deployment: Store event payloads as blobs. Add API to download event payload given event id. [#3069](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/3069)
```
